ways that you can ensure your family has taken care of while you're away
is make sure that your family knows the resource is that they can
use before you go on deployment. So who is the commando own? Bud Zeman?
Who can they get a call? Who can they contact when you're gone?
In case they do need to get a hold of you, this is their lifeline.
That they can call. It would be that pivot point for you. What resource
is there gonna be available to them while you're gone as faras medical,
dental, educational stuff, counselors, career decisions, things
like that for your family. So that's definitely something that you
need to look at and make sure your family knows those resource is
and has those phone numbers. And, of course, the other way is just
try and stay in as much communication with them as possible, using things
like your cell phone or applications that you can download on
your phone or your email or doing video calls things like that to to
stay engaged with your family while you're gone.